here
ah
Yes or yes
at 41 and bassists
Oh
clearer
robben is providing security and
confidence of a free mark 90 is the
historical leader in the market of
ironed for many years their
products contain the latest technology
in ironing and it's a brand that always
has opted for innovation
I think the cells were fantastic
in sound effect it is removed with a good
plancha is an important final touch
so that the garment feels good so that
look like a good peak the truth
it is very important ironed
ironing can resurrect a suit nothing
as a good vaporizer so that
the garment fits perfectly
We have organized some workshops for
means to which we invited
roberto verino juanjo lebanon
when they jon fitch who have been
his clothes that have just paraded in the
catwalk and they also told us about the
importance of ironing so that your
clothes are perfect
I've had a great time I've learned
many things because so much good so much
here when we have been explaining
things here on resales like then the
view that we have made for you to be
you know I'm an experience that we're going
I repeated them many times more
and the males
Oh
Y